Mm, that tastes pretty good. Mm-hmm.
Everything seems to be delicious today
Delicious, delicious, you can eat more
Everything you ordered today is your favorite, daughter.
Who is the chef today?
Let us get to know each other
I remember the previous chef cooking
It doesn't taste good
Dinner tonight
Are you satisfied?
How is it you?
Why are you here?
Didn't our parents say they wanted to meet today's chef?
What about this table?
I did it all.
Do you like it?
If you like it
I can make it for you every day.
Then I'm divorced, so don't say that
I will not agree to a divorce
It's not up to you to get a divorce or not
As long as Maimai agrees
It's up to you, I really don't want a divorce
But I also want to respect Maimai's decision
So I will prove it with my actions
How important is he to me?
You are now Sun Wukong
What did you do before?
Do you think it's just a few words?
I can give my daughter back to you
You were dreaming.